no wirelesss

B. The Board may approve any kind of electronic voting system that meets the following requirements:
1. It shall provide clear instructions for voters on how to mark or select their choice and cast that vote.
2. It shall provide facilities for voting for all offices at any election and on as many questions as may be submitted at any election.
3. It shall be capable of processing ballots for all parties holding a primary election on the same day, but programmable in such a way that an individual ballot cast by a voter is limited to the party primary election in which the voter chooses to participate.
4. It shall require votes for presidential and vice presidential electors to be cast for the presidential and vice presidential electors of one party by one operation. The ballot shall contain the words "Electors for" preceded by the name of the party or other authorized designation and followed by the names of the candidates for the offices of President and Vice President.
5. It shall enable the voter to cast votes for as many persons for an office as lawfully permitted, but no more. It shall prevent the voter from casting a vote for the same person more than once for the same office. However, ballot scanner machines shall not be required to prevent a voter from voting for a greater number of candidates than he is lawfully entitled to.
6. It shall enable the voter to cast a vote on any question on which he is lawfully permitted to vote, but no other.
7. It shall provide the voter with an opportunity to correct any error before a ballot is cast.
8. It shall correctly register or record and accurately count all votes cast for candidates and on questions.
9. It shall be provided with a "protective counter," whereby any operation of the machine before or after the election will be detected.
10. It shall be provided with a counter that at all times during an election shall show how many persons have voted.
11. It shall ensure voting in absolute secrecy. Ballot scanner machines shall provide for the secrecy of the ballot and a method to conceal the voted ballot.
12. It shall be programmable to allow ballots to be separated when necessary.
13. Ballot scanner machines shall report, if possible, the number of ballots on which a voter undervoted or overvoted.

(i) the apparent capability of such equipment to accurately count, register, and report votes; 
(ii) whether the system can be conveniently used without undue confusion to the voter; 
(iii) its accessibility to voters with disabilities; 
(iv) whether the system can be safely used without undue potential for fraud; 
(v) the ease of its operation and transportation by voting equipment custodians and officers of election; 
(vi) the financial stability of the vendor and manufacturer; 
(vii) whether the system meets the requirements of this title; 
(viii) whether the system meets federal requirements; 
(ix) whether issues of reliability and security identified with the system by other state governments have been adequately addressed by the vendor; and 
(x) whether, in the opinion of the Board, the potential for approval of such system is such as to justify further examination and testing.

(i) whether the system accurately counts, registers, and reports votes; 
(ii) whether it is capable of storing and retaining existing votes in a permanent memory in the event of power failure during and after the election; 
(iii) the number of separate memory capabilities for the storage of recorded votes; 
(iv) its mechanical and electronic perfections and imperfections; 
(v) the audit trail provided by the system; 
(vi) the anticipated frequency of repair; 
(vii) the ease of repair; 
(viii) the anticipated life of the equipment; 
(ix) its potential for fraudulent use; 
(x) its accessibility to voters with disabilities; 
(xi) the ease of its programming, transportation, and operation by voting equipment custodians and officers of election; and 
(xii) any other matters deemed necessary by the Board.
